Stiles. get out of
there right now. It's him!
He's the Alpha! Get out!
NARRATOR:
Previously on Teen Wolf...
You must be Stiles.
That night in the school.
I felt utterly weak.
I want to feel
stronger than that.
I think I can give you
exactly what you want.
I know what you are. McCall.
What?
However it is you
came to be what you are.
you're gonna get it for me. too.
Are you breaking up with me?
In preparation for
some big changes.
I've decided to drop some
of the dead weight in my life.
Every choice that I
made. everything I did.
every single thing was to
make sure that she was safe!
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
(ROCK MUSIC)
ALL: (CHANTING) State.
State. State. State. State. State!
(WHOOPING)
Stiles.
Stiles. Stiles! Has
anyone seen Stiles?
Stiles! Has anyone seen Stiles?
State. State. State.
State. State.
State. State. State. State!
(GIGGLES)
You were pretty
awesome out there.
Thanks. You. too.
I mean. that's not what I meant.
No. no. I. um. did some
pretty awesome cheering.
You can thank me.
You did?
Totally. I went from. "Go. team. go."
to "Defense. defense." without a breath.
I brought my A-game.
State. State. State.
State. State. State. State...
State. State.
State. State. State. State!
(LAUGHS MOCKINGLY)
Isn't that just heartbreaking?
Gosh. I bet it causes a
lot of sleepless nights.
You know what. though. McCall?
I actually sympathize. which is why
I'm gonna make this mutually beneficial.
You give me what I want.
and I'll help you get her back.
What?
Well. three days makes it
just in time for the winter formal.
Uh. think about you
taking her instead of me.
And also think about all the
things you're able to do to get her
out of some tight little
dress by the end of the night.
See how this could
work out for everybody?
(WHISPERS) Three days. McCall.
Have fun.
(BACKGROUND CHATTER)
By the way. McCall...
Apology accepted.
I didn't apologize.
Every time you got the ball
tonight. you passed it to me.
(CHUCKLES)
Every time I passed the
ball to you. you scored.
Apology accepted.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Danny?
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
(CLICK)
What the hell...
Oh!
Thank God! Where
the hell have you been?
Do you have any idea
what's been going on?
I really don't get lacrosse.
It was you...
When I was in high school.
we played basketball.
There's a real sport.
Still. I read somewhere that lacrosse
comes from Native American tribes
and that they played
it to resolve conflict.
Do I have that right? Well...
I have a little conflict of
my own to resolve. Scott.
But I need your help to do it.
I'm not helping you kill people.
Well. I don't want
to kill all of them.
Just the responsible ones.
And that doesn't
have to include...
Allison.
You're on his side?
Are you forgetting the part
where he killed your sister?
It was a mistake.
What?
It happens. PETER: Scott...
I think you're getting the
wrong impression of us.
We really just want to help
you reach your full potential.
By killing my friends.
Sometimes the
people closest to you...
can be the ones holding
you back the most.
If they're holding me back from
becoming a psychotic nut job like you...
I'm okay with that.
Maybe...
You could try and see things...
From my perspective.
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Aah!
(GROWLS)
(SCREAMING)
(GROWLING)
Peter?
(GASPS)
Dude. we have a huge problem.
Trust me... I know.
(HELP ME CLOSE MY EYES PLAYING)
♪ Help me close my eyes
♪ I don't want to see
what this day was like
♪ Help me close my eyes
♪ I want to sleep
without dreaming
♪ 'Cause I need them to be true
♪ I want to hide but
trees are falling down
mountains are melting
♪ I want to hide but
trees are falling down
♪ To hide Help me close my eyes
♪ I want to hide Help
me close my eyes ♪
(GARAGE DOOR CLATTERS)
CHRIS: It hasn't been an
issue since we lived here.
All I'm saying is that firing
those things so close by
is bound to draw some attention.
These things have saved
my life more than once.
and I know how to be
inconspicuous when I need to.
This coming from a man whose
preferred weapon is a crossbow.
You know these extra skills are something
you could be teaching your daughter.
Not yet.
Ever?
CHRIS: Not yet.
You coming?
Yeah. Coming.
(FAST ROCK MUSIC)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(BEEPING)
(HORN HONKS)
Car trouble?
Allison. when you
said you needed
to stop for an errand
before we went shopping.
a five-mile hike in the woods
was not what I was expecting.
Before I forget. I wanted to
ask if you're okay with something.
Jackson asked me
to the winter formal.
Did he? Yeah.
Just as friends. But I just wanted
to make sure you're okay with it first.
Sure. As long
as it's just friends.
Well. yeah. I mean... (CHUCKLES)
It's not like I would take him to the
coach's office during lacrosse practice
to make out with
him or anything.
Uh...
About that...
It's okay. I'm just
gonna call a tow truck.
Oh. I know a few
things about cars.
Might be something simple.
I don't know.
It's a pretty expensive car and
they pull all this warranty crap
if you do your
own repairs. right?
Well...
I won't tell if you won't.
It's Jackson. right?
Come here. I'll show
you what to look for.
Oh. sorry. What?
Your neck.
You hurt yourself?
Um. no. I mean. it's
just... Just a scratch.
Well. it looks like
more than a scratch.
Kind of looks like claw marks.
You all right?
Yeah. look. I'm just gonna
call for a tow truck. okay?
Is there any reason you're so reluctant
to tell me what it was that did that?
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(LOUD ROCK MUSIC)
Yo. What's up?
Is everything okay?
Hey. Scott.
Your friend here was having car
trouble. We're just taking a look.
Wow. There's a shop
right down the street.
I'm sure they have a tow truck.
Yeah. You want a ride?
Hey. come on. Jackson.
You're way too pretty to
be out here all by yourself.
Hey. boys.
(ENGINE STARTS)
Told you I knew a
few things about cars.
(ENGINE IDLING)
(SECOND ENGINE STARTS)
What. are you following me now?
Yes. you stupid freaking idiot.
You almost gave away
everything right there!
What are you talking about?
He thinks you're
the second Beta.
What?
He thinks you're me!
(GRUNTS)
Dude. my jeep.
I can hear your heart beating
from a mile away. literally!
Now he thinks that
there's something wrong.
and now I have to keep an eye
on you so he doesn't kill you. too!
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
okay. okay. okay.
How about we just step
away from Stiles' jeep?
You know what. this is your
problem. not mine. okay?
I didn't say anything.
which means you're the one
that's gonna get
me killed. okay?
This is your fault. Can
we stop hitting my jeep?
Yo. all right. yo.
guys. stop. All right?
When they come after you.
I won't be able to protect you.
I can't protect anyone.
Why are you looking at me?
You know what?
Now you have to do it.
Get me what I want. and I
will be fine protecting myself.
No. you won't!
Just trust me. all it does
is make things worse.
Oh. yeah. really?
You know. you can hear anything you
want and run faster than humanly possible.
Sounds like a real
hardship. McCall.
Yeah. I can run really fast now.
except half the time. I'm running
away from people trying to kill me!
And I can hear things like...
Like my girlfriend telling people
that she doesn't trust me anymore
right before
breaking up with me.
I'm not lying to you!
It ruins your life.
It ruined your life.
You had all the
power in the world.
and you didn't know
what to do with it.
You know what
it's actually like?
It's like you turned 16 and
someone bought you a Porsche
when they should have started
you out with a nice little Honda.
Me?
I drive a Porsche.
(ENGINE REVS)
What does that do?
We're about to find out.
What the hell was that?
I don't know.
Well. that was fun!
Any more lethal weapons
you wanna try out?
(TWIG SNAPS)
(SNAPS)
(SNAP)
Hold this.
What? Why? Because I
thought I heard something.
So what if you heard something?
So. I want to find out
what that something is.
Don't worry. It's
probably nothing.
Well. what if that nothing is something
and that something is something dangerous?
Shoot it.
(WHIMPERS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(CLICKS)
(ELECTRIC PULSING)
Scott? (GROANING)
Scott!
Trigger finger!
Oh! Oh. God. oh. God.
I'm so. so. so. so sorry.
Oh. no. it's my
fault. Totally my fault.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
I didn't know it was you. If I
would have known it was you. I...
Still would have
pulled the trigger?
No! Of course not.
Seriously. I'm so sorry.
(GRUNTS)
Are you sure you're okay?
Yeah. I think so.
What were you doing here
anyway? Were you following us?
No. Not at all.
Um. your dad told me that
you run this trail sometimes.
and I was hoping
to catch you alone.
By following me?
Well. yeah.
What for?
Well...
I found this at school.
(GASPS)
Thank God!
I was beginning to
think it was stolen.
No. No. just lost. Definitely
not stolen by anyone.
(CHUCKLES) Well. thank you
for finding it. And for bringing it.
You don't think I'm a
total stalker now. do you?
Hmm. no. I just
think you're weird.
Like you always are.
(TOWARDS THE SUN PLAYING)
♪ And I'm slipping away
♪ Unseen by anyone
♪ The light is turning gray
♪ The day is done ♪
(LAUGHS)
Whatcha doing?
Work. Anything I can help with?
You know. if you poured me an ounce
of whiskey. that would be awfully nice.
Any leads? Hey!
Ah!
You know I can't
discuss that with you.
Not too much.
Okay.
There ya go. Dad.
Thanks. Bottoms up.
You know. Derek Hale
would be a whole hale of a lot...
A Hale of a lot?
Hell of a lot?
Hell.
Yes.
He would be a hell of a lot easier to catch
if we could get an actual picture of him.
How do you not
have a picture of him?
It's the weirdest thing. It's like
every time we try to get a mug shot.
it's like two laser beams
were pointing at the camera.
Nice.
Oh. my God. Oh! God.
that ounce hit me like a brick.
And I have said way too much.
and if you repeat any of that...
Dad... it's me. I'm not
gonna say anything.
Come on.
See. the thing is
they're all connected.
I mean. the bus
driver that got killed.
he was an insurance investigator
assigned to the Hale house fire.
"Terminated under
suspicion of fraud."
Exactly.
Who else?
The video store clerk
who got his throat slashed...
He's a convicted
felon. history of arson.
What about the other two guys.
the guys who got killed in the woods?
Priors all over their
records including...
Arson.
So maybe they all had
something to do with the fire.
Another shot? No.
no. no. no more.
Dad. come on. You work
really hard. right? You deserve it.
(SIGHS)
Oh. my God. I'm gonna
have such a hangover.
You mean you're gonna
have such a good night's sleep.
(CHUCKLES)
I'm gonna have an eternity
in the lowest circle of hell.
MAN ON PHONE: Scott. I noticed
you didn't hand in your paper today.
If you need an extension.
the best I can do is another
48 hours. Goddamn it.
Oh. son of a...
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
Not now. Mom.
(KNOCKING)
I said not now.
Sorry. Your mom let me in.
(EXHALES) Can we talk?
Oh. Stiles. there's
just so many questions.
Like what?
Like if Derek wanted to kill
everyone involved with the fire.
then why start with his sister?
I mean. she had
nothing to do with it.
And why make it look like
some kind of animal did it?
When that cougar ended
up in the parking lot.
I checked with animal control.
You know the instances
of wild animal reports
were up 70% over
the past few months?
It's like they're
just going crazy.
running out of the
woods. I don't know.
Or something's scaring them out.
Ah.
Hmm.
You know. I miss talking to you.
It's like we never have time...
Dad. you know. I have to
make a phone call. I'm sorry.
I'll be right back.
I do. I miss it.
And I miss your mom.
(THROUGH THE DARK PLAYING)
♪ Someone reaching for me now
What'd you say?
♪ Through the dark
♪ Reaching for me now
Thanks.
♪ You need someone
♪ To hear you when you sigh ♪
Do you want me to
say something first?
No. Okay.
Do you want me to leave
you alone for a few minutes?
Why would I want that?
I don't know. It's just that...
You came in here and
said that you wanted to talk.
and we've been sitting
here for like 10 minutes
and you haven't
said anything yet.
and it's starting
to freak me out.
Sorry. It's a
little hard to start.
This is going to
sound really ridiculous.
And I guess I just... I don't
want you to laugh at me.
I would never laugh at you.
(EXHALES)
It's about my family.
Okay.
A little while ago. I
caught them in a lie.
A small one.
When my aunt first arrived.
she had car trouble. and...
My dad said it was a flat tire.
but she said she
needed a jump start.
Maybe it was just a
little miscommunication.
Yeah. That's
what I thought. too.
And then I found glass on her car
like her window had been smashed in.
I've been overhearing some
really strange conversations.
I think some of it
has to do with Derek.
Are you sure? Yeah.
I think that he's not...
Hey. Scott. I'm coming
home late tonight.
What? What... What's wrong?
Is it... Is it my hair. makeup?
No. No. nothing.
You look beautiful.
You look amazing.
SCOTT: Amazing.
Why do you look amazing?
Because. amazingly.
I'm having dinner for once with
a member of the male gender
who's over the age of 16.
(CHUCKLES) Who?
It's a medical rep that
came into the hospital today.
Yeah. we just kind
of started talking.
and the next thing I know
I'm saying yes to dinner
and I'm really hating myself
for skipping the gym last week.
What medical rep?
(DOORBELL RINGS)
That medical rep. And
I'm not... I'm not ready.
I'm not ready. I'm not
done. I'm not ready.
so if you could
please just get the...
Get the door and talk
with him. okay. just...
Be nice.
(SIGHS) Just one minute. okay?
(DOORBELL RINGING)
(HEART BEATING)
MELISSA: Scott! Get the door.
(DOORBELL RINGING)
Scott! For the love
of God. please!
(HEARTBEAT THUMPING)
MELISSA: Hey.
What are you doing?
Aren't you gonna invite him in?
Hello there.
Really? Slam the
door in my face?
Come on. Scott.
Take a second to
think that through.
I'll tell her.
That I used to be
a catatonic invalid
with burns covering
half my face?
Good luck with that.
If you hurt her. if
you even touch her...
Scott. if I may
interrupt your listing
of the top five most
impotent-sounding threats for a moment.
try and remember that I've
been in a coma for six years.
Don't you think I'd like to have
dinner with a beautiful woman?
MELISSA: Just...
Just half a second.
Sorry.
Or maybe...
You think that I've
come up with an idea.
Like how it might be easier to
convince you to be part of the pack
if your mother is. too.
You need to understand how
much more powerful we are together.
you and me and Derek.
Did you know
that some of the most
successful military operations
during the Second World War
were the German U-boat attacks?
Do you know what
they called them?
Wolf packs. Did you know that?
Or are you failing
history as well?
I know the Germans lost the war.
(CHUCKLES)
I think you'll find that most
historians would argue that
as a failure of leadership.
And trust me. we don't
have that problem here.
I'm ready. I'm
ready. Sorry again.
(LAUGHS)
Oh.
Mom...
Yes? Sweetheart.
Have a good time.
Okay.
(ROCK MUSIC)
(GRUNTING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
What the hell?
Hey.
I like your taste in music.
I haven't heard this
one in a long time.
(FAST-PACED POP TUNE)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I'm not scared of you.
Come on.
I'm not afraid.
Yeah. You are.
You know. I bet you haven't
had a day in your whole life
where you haven't
been afraid of something.
But you won't
have to be anymore.
Not when you're one of us.
If you just stay. I
swear... I'll be right back.
I just... I just have to. um...
I wouldn't be doing this if it
wasn't totally. incredibly important.
It's all right. No. no. no.
I wanna talk to you.
There's actually nothing I
want to do more right now.
Can you please stay?
Please? I'll be right back.
Thank you.
Everything okay?
Mmm. I don't know.
I just feel like we maybe
missed the turn for the restaurant?
Hmm.
Well. I'll pull over. We
can map it on your phone.
Okay.
(LAUGHS)
What?
I was just noticing that you
have the most incredible skin.
It's flawless.
That's a new one on me.
Do you mind?
(THUD)
Oh. Sorry.
(CRASH) Oh!
Oh. are you kidding me? Stiles!
Mrs. McCall? Yes!
Wow. this is... This is just
crazy. What a coincidence. huh?
(MELISSA LAUGHS MOCKINGLY)
Nicely done. Scott.
Nicely done.
I mean... I do not
know what happened.
You guys just came
out of nowhere.
Came out of nowhere! We were
parked on the side of the road. Stiles.
How crazy is that?
I mean. we should probably
call the cops. you know.
do like an accident
report thing.
I don't think that's necessary.
Are you sure?
I think I'm feeling
a little whiplash.
Whiplash? You hit us!
I don't know. there's something
definitely wrong with my neck.
I know you're there.
Scott. and I'm impressed.
It's too bad most
teenagers aren't that smart.
It's like that one on the
lacrosse team... Jackson.
Thinks he knows all about us.
You know how they
say knowledge is power.
Not in his case.
Jackson. Oh. no.
This is it?
This is the place?
Go ahead.
Is it safe? I don't want
rafters falling on my head.
Go in.
(WOOD CREAKS)
What's in here?
Everything you want.
(HINGES CREAK)
It's gonna be all
right. Trust me.
JACKSON: This house...
It's the same house.
What'd you say?
I've dreamt about this place.
I remember the staircase. I
remember these... These walls.
I remember everything.
You've been here?
No. never. I dreamt it.
There's no one else here.
And no one else coming?
(WHIMPERING)
No... No. please...
Please don't.
okay? I'll shut up.
I'll never say
another word again.
I'll leave Scott alone.
Please. you can't
do this! Please!
(SOBBING) I...
I don't deserve it.
I think you do.
No! Look around you!
Wouldn't there be someone
here trying to save you?
There's no one here.
And there's a reason. No one
cares that you drive an expensive car.
No one cares that
you have perfect hair.
and no one cares that you're
captain of the lacrosse team!
Excuse me.
Co-captain.
(GROWLING)
Move! No.
Fine. I'll kill you. too.
(WHISTLING SOUND)
Cover your eyes!
(PINGING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
Scott! Go!
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
Run!
(ROARS)
(ELECTRONIC CHIME)
(GASPING)
(WHEEZING)
(GULPING)
Allison.
Stop.
MAN: It's all right. Scott.
You're gonna be all right.
(GASPS)
(COUGHING)
I wouldn't get up just yet.
Where am I... You're fine.
And I've given you something that
should speed up the healing process.
But you're a vet.
That's very true.
And 90% of the time. I'm
mostly treating cats and dogs.
Mostly?
Mostly.
What is this place?
Let's start with the basics.
You know how every
family has its secrets?
Ours are a little different.
(DOOR THUDS)
(WHO ARE YOU. REALLY? PLAYING)
♪ So you feel entitled
to a sense of control
♪ And make decisions
that you think are your own
♪ You are a stranger
here Why have you come?
♪ Why have you come?
♪ Lift me higher
Let me look at the sun
♪ Look at the sun
♪ And once I hear
them clearly say
♪ Who? Who are you. really?
♪ And where are you going?
♪ Well. I've got
nothing left to prove
♪ 'Cause I've got
nothing left to lose
♪ See me bare my teeth for you
♪ Who? Who are you? ♪
(GROWLING)
(GASPS)
Isn't he beautiful?
(ROARING)
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-